Update Dynamic Tabs readme (#139)
telerik/blazor-ui: tabstrip/DynamicTabs/readme.md

You can dynamically create `TabStripTab` instances by looping through a collection of descriptors. To extract the underlying model from the currently active tab you can:

1. Create a collection of all Visible tabs

>     * This example shows how to do that by using the `Visible` property from the `TabDescriptor` as a condition. **As of version 2.30.0 of Telerik UI for Blazor, the `TabStripTab` exposes a `Visible` parameter which allows you to easily control the tabs visibility. Read more in [Tabs Configuration](https://docs.telerik.com/blazor-ui/components/tabstrip/tabs-configuration) article.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * This example shows how to do that by using the `Visible` property from the `TabDescriptor` as a condition. **Since UI for Blazor 2.30, the `TabStripTab` exposes a `Visible` parameter. Read more at [Tabs Configuration](https://docs.telerik.com/blazor-ui/components/tabstrip/tabs-configuration)**
```
